♪♪
Are you sure this
isn't too mean?
No!
- Haven't you ever
- heard the saying,
"The ends justify
the mean"?
- Oh, yeah.
- All right, let's go.
(CELL PHONE CHIMING)
(GRUNTING)
(CHUCKLES)
Hmm, blocked number.
Oh, well.
Live on the edge,
Bertram!
(CHUCKLES) Hello?
- (WITH NEW YORK ACCENT)
- Hello, is this Bertram Winkle?
Speaking.
I'm calling from Manhattan's
number one opera
station, WOPR.
Really?
I love Whopper!
Thanks to your
faithful listenership
and many,
many emails on how
to improve our playlist,
you have won dinner
for two at Le Bon Repas!
(GASPS) Oh, my gosh!
Dinner for two!
Wait. Do I have
to bring someone,
or can I just eat
the two meals myself?
Uh, that's between
you and the management.
But there's more!
Ooh, dinner for three?
No, geez!
The "more" is that
celebrity chef
Anthony Monsanto
will personally serve you
his famous 12-course
tasting menu.
- And to give you
- a preview,
He's sending over
the first course right now!
(EXCLAIMS GLEEFULLY)
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
- What took you so long?
- (CHUCKLES)
Bon appetit, sucker!
(EXCLAIMS)
(ALL LAUGHING)
You just got served!
That's it!
I am done dealing
with you horrible kids.
Plus, I am sick and
tired of being treated
like a servant!
You are a servant.
Not anymore.
I quit!
(EMMA GASPS)
That's the last time
- we pretend to give
- him something nice.
I have to pack my things
first, but after that I quit!
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh
♪ Hey Jessie, hey Jessie
♪ It feels like a party
every day
♪ Hey Jessie, hey Jessie
♪ But they keep on pulling
me every which way
♪ Hey Jessie, hey Jessie
♪ My whole world is changing
Turning around
♪ They got me going crazy
Yeah, they're shaking
the ground
♪ But they took a chance
on the new girl in town
♪ And I don't want to let them
down, down, down
♪ Hey Jessie
♪ It feels like a party
every day
♪ Hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, Jessie ♪
Thanks for helping me study
- for my foreign language
- mid-term.
- I didn't know
- you spoke German.
Oh, I do not.
- But your college
- is not accredited,
- So how hard can
- this test be?
Fair enough.
They actually offer
Conversational Pig Latin.
- Jessie, something
- horrible happened!
- Whoa, whoa,
- whoa! Okay.
- It's not
- that horrible.
Uh, it's not like that time
we lost Ravi camping.
That was a very
uncomfortable night.
- Raccoons are
- not as cuddly
- Or chatty as they
- appear in cartoons.
- Luke's right.
- It's not a big deal.
Mmm-mmm.
Uh-uh-uh.
Less walking.
More talking.
Bertram quit. See?
No biggie. (CHUCKLES)
What?
No it is a big biggie!
Why did he quit?
Well, we sorta kinda...
- (MUFFLED PROTESTS)
- No idea, really.
He's just weird.
Wow!
I still can't believe
Bertram actually quit.
- Guys, relax.
- He'll be back.
- He could never
- get another job.
Guess what?
I got another job!
(BERTRAM CHUCKLES)
Just here to grab
Polly the pitcher.
Who would be desperate
enough to hire Bertram?
Hello, urchins.
Urchin Keeper.
- Have you heard
- the news?
I've got myself a new
heaping hunk o' help.
Hi, boss.
Hi, Bertie.
(GIGGLES)
See you
around, urchins!
Bertram working for
Mrs. Chesterfield?
- This is like
- a bad dream.
Somebody pinch me.
- I'm on it.
- Somebody else.
I guess Bertram
is not coming
back after all.
So, who's gonna occasionally
clean stuff and
defrost meals for us?
Guys, do we even
really need a butler?
- We could just clean up
- after ourselves.
- Yeah! How hard
- can it be?
Okay!
How did this happen?
It has only been an hour
and we never left the couch.
Maybe Bertram really
did do stuff.
- Yeah, you know
- what he did?
He walked out on us!
To work for the enemy!
- How could he just
- leave us like that?
Right?
- I mean, sure,
- we were rude,
And messy, and took
him for granted,
but we are so
gosh darn cute!
Hey, where's Zuri?
ZURI: I'm under here!
And we need
a new butler, stat!
- Good morning,
- Mrs. Chesterfield.
Please, Bertie,
call me Rhoda.
Okay. But remember,
you promised we'd keep
things professional.
I'll let you know
if you cross a line.
So, what would you
like for breakfast?
Bertie, don't worry
your handsome little
head about cooking.
- (CHUCKLES)
- (YELLS) Martha!
Oh, thank you!
Mmm-hmm.
But if you have a maid,
why do you need a butler?
Oh, I do like to have
a lot of help on hand.
- And a lot of hands
- on the help.
(GIGGLES)
But, I...
Bertie, Bertie,
you're working
for Rhoda now!
(CHUCKLES)
Why not take a nap?
- I know you're
- a nap man.
Well, I have been up
for an hour already.
- Uh-huh.
- (CHUCKLES)
Oh, I was so glad
I could rescue you
from those
rotten ragamuffins and
their noxious nanny.
- They were
- so mean to me.
Yeah.
Yes, yes, the mean
children are awful.
But you're here now,
- loved and
- appreciated.
(SIGHS)
- This is the best - job ever.
- (CHUCKLES)
- MRS. CHESTERFIELD:
- Martha, hush!
Must you walk
like a truck driver?
So hard to find good help.
- Yes! Yes!
- (SIGHS)
He's the best one yet.
- Yeah, you've got
- to be impressed
With a guy who
served appetizers
on the Mayflower.
Hello.
I am Roger Bevans,
and I am here
to apply for
the butler position.
Gods be praised!
He is neat and has
already eschewed the use
of two contractions.
(CROAKING)
Oh, an Asian water monitor,
- the noblest
- of all the lizards.
- Bertram, who?
- (CHUCKLES)
- Hi, I'm Jessie.
- I'm the nanny.
- And this is
- the Ross Family.
How do you do?
- Uh, why don't you - tell us a little bit
- About yourself?
Certainly.
I have a degree in
home economics
and food science
from the Sorbonne.
And I've worked for some
of the finest households
in three continents.
Wow!
That's every continent!
So, Mr. Fancy Britches,
- why do you want
- to work here?
Zuri!
(CLEARS THROAT)
That is a good question,
Mr. Fancy Britches.
Let's just say,
I enjoy a challenge.
- Perfect!
- I'm a challenge.
Yeah, he's not kidding.
- His room is so dirty,
- the cockroaches complained.
You're hired. (CHUCKLES)
(BERTRAM HUMMING)
Bertie, I brought
you something sweet
to nibble on.
And some grapes.
Uh-uh-uh!
Allow me.
I feel a little
uncomfortable with this.
Well then let's
get a little
more comfortable.
(CHUCKLES)
Is it getting hot
in here?
(GASPS)
You feel it too?
(CHUCKLES)
Oh! Isn't this fun?
Bertie, I bought
you a present.
- You did?
- Mmm-hmm.
It's your
new uniform.
Where's the rest of it?
- Wait till you see - what I make you
- Wear in the summer.
(CHUCKLING)
Now go put it on.
Oh, look! Uh, your
tulips need attention.
- I thought
- you'd never notice.
(MAKES KISSING NOISES)
(EXCLAIMING)
Breakfast is served!
- Whoa! Is all this
- just for us,
Or did Kate Middleton
finally accept my
brunch invitation?
A syrup fountain
for the pancakes?
- Finally, somebody
- gets me!
Ooh! Is that
Rat a l'Orange?
(CROAKING)
Remember, Mrs. Kipling,
pinky-claw up.
(CROAKING)
- Jessie?
- Yeah?
- I hear you're
- taking German.
I'd be happy to help you
study for your test later.
Oh, thanks but
I'm just taking
this class pass-fail.
- You know, - less studying,
- More time with the kids.
- I insist you
- let me tutor you.
After all, one does want
to do one's best.
- Just say "yes" so he
- can keep cookin'.
- (IN BRITISH ACCENT) - One does want
- More pancakes.
(ALL CHUCKLE)
- Yeah, less chatter,
- more batter.
(ALL CHUCKLE)
Hey, guys, so, uh...
I made a big mis...
Who's the dandy?
Bertram, meet Roger.
He's our new butler.
He makes perfect pancakes.
(JESSIE CHUCKLES)
Sure, but can he make smiley
faces out of chocolate chips,
like I can?
Better!
Say hello
to the Mona Lisa!
(ALL CLAPPING)
Yeah, I'd show you
blueberry Derek Jeter, but...
I ate him.
(CHUCKLES)
Um, Bertram,
would you like to have
breakfast with us?
No, thank you.
It seems like
you're all getting along
just fine without me.
I, um, only came
back to...
Uh...
Grab my spatula cozies.
Personally, I like to let
my utensils air dry.
(GASPS) Air dry?
Are you an animal?
Well...
I hope you and your
water spots will all be
very happy together!
(DOOR CLOSING)
Well...
Someone's got his
tea towel in a twist!
Who's ready for the
Eiffel Tower of bacon?
(ALL GASPING)
Wow!
He combined my
two favorite things.
Nineteenth century
French architecture and pork!
(TELEVISION PLAYING)
(VACUUMING)
Uh, Roger? Do you think
you could keep it down?
We're trying
to watch a movie!
I don't know how you
can see anything through
this fog of filth!
Ugh! Come on, guys,
let's go make a snack.
No! You can't go
in there!
- I've already cleaned
- the kitchen today.
I hope that rule
does not apply
to the bathrooms.
- Hey, Roger, why don't
- you take a break?
- Yeah, play
- a game with us.
No play until
work is done.
Bertram always used
to drop everything
to play hide-and-seek.
- Actually, now that
- I think about it,
He may have just been
hiding from us.
(SQUEAKING AND BANGING)
(JESSIE GROANING)
Hey, Roger.
- Can you put up - a sign when you
- Wax the floors?
- I banked off the - island and slid
- Into the stove.
You didn't leave
any scuff marks,
did you?
No, but I might have
left some blood and
a piece of my elbow.
- So, Jessie,
- did you have a chance
To study the German
textbooks I left
on your desk?
Uh, yeah. Thanks.
I scanned them.
Scanning isn't studying.
Scanning is for
photocopiers and
lazy students.
I... Look Roger, I don't
really need to speak
perfect German.
- Remember, this test
- is just pass-fail.
- But you're setting - an example for
- These children.
Do you want them
to just pass-fail at life?
Or excel?
BOTH: Pass-fail!
Excel!
Of course you do.
Now, trot on upstairs
and don't come down
until you know
all the irregular verbs.
You're an irregular verb!
Pardon me?
- I said,
- "Sorry to disturb."
(TELEVISION PLAYING)
(VACUUMING)
- I knew you'd
- be back, Bertie.
They always come back.
- Usually because of
- an iron-clad pre-nup.
I'm sick of posing!
This is why people
invented cameras!
Patience!
Et voila!
Why am I holding you?
- Because every pirate
- needs a little booty.
I'd rather walk the plank.
- Now, give that to me,
- I'm going to burn it.
Absolutely not!
- This painting will
- not be burned
- Unless your - smoldering gaze
- Sets it afire!
(CHUCKLES)
One, ew!
- Two, give it!
- Ooh! Ooh!
- Give it!
- (CHUCKLING)
Give it!
If you want it,
come and get it!
- (CHORTLES)
- (GRUNTS)
Oh! Oh!
- Oh! Oh! Oh!
- (CHUCKLES)
Oh, these shorts
are so tight!
(SHRIEKS)
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
Hello? Bertram?
- You just seemed
- a little sad earlier...
(MRS. CHESTERFIELD CHUCKLES)
- I'm so tired.
- (MOCK PANTING)
(LAUGHING)
Give me that!
You drive me crazy!
The feeling is mutual!
(GIGGLING)
Okay. Clearly I misread
those sad vibes.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(FARTING)
Luke!
What?
That was the plastic!
Yeah, because plastic
smells like deviled eggs.
Hey guys, why
don't we all go
play in the park?
I'd like to see Roger
try to clean that.
Oh, I will come.
But it might take
me a minute.
Roger has starched
my jeans to
a fare-thee-well.
(GRUNTING)
Anyways...
- Do you guys remember
- those epic messes
- We used to make - when Bertram was
- Still around?
Yeah.
- He used to just - wait until they
- Started to smell,
- And then make one
- of us clean them up.
(ALL CHUCKLE)
- Remember what he
- always used to say?
ALL: "Put it in the trash,
or I'll put it
in your dinner."
(SOBS) I really
miss that guy.
Hey!
Is Roger here?
- I don't want him to know
- I'm taking a study break.
But if I don't, I'm gonna
have a study-breakdown.
Roger's cleaning the
plants on the terrace.
- He said,
- "They're dirty!"
They're planted in dirt!
And what's next?
Mopping the floor
of the fish tank?
Jessie, can't we
get Bertram back?
Roger is totes annoying!
I never thought I'd hate
a man who could
rock a cravat,
but here we are.
He alphabetized my
practical jokes.
He actually took the
fun out of pranking!
He's a monster!
And he makes me
go to bed at 8:30!
8:30 is your bedtime.
- I know!
- It's awful!
- Now I stay awake
- all through school!
Oh! (GROANS)
Although I admire
Roger's meticulous nature
- and high
- academic standards,
I must admit...
- I am chafing
- something fierce.
Look, guys,
I miss Bertram too,
- but there's
- nothing we can do.
He's having the time
of his life at his new job.
How do you know?
Don't ask.
- I can't re-live
- that again.
Just trust me,
he's moved on.
Besides, I know Roger is
kind of a perfectionist,
but he's not that bad.
ROGER: Fraeulein Jessie,
- you're not taking
- a break, are you?
Hide me!
Whoa!
(SNIFFS)
Who's been eating in here?
I smell deviled eggs.
(SPEAKING GERMAN)
- Perfect. That's
- the whole stack.
Danke.
Where are you going?
(MOCK GERMAN ACCENT)
Away from these stinking
flash-karten.
Do you really want
to quit now and do
the minimum?
Or, as I've heard this
family say, "Luke it"?
- But I was up
- all night studying!
These bags under my
eyes are so big they
could carry groceries.
The heavy stuff, like
milk and detergent!
Jessie, when I arrived,
this family was
languishing under
the care of a butler
who didn't know his
crumb catcher from
his cummerbund.
Are you okay?
- I haven't seen you this upset - since you
found that apple - Core in the couch cushions.
It had fuzz on it!
- I was just happy
- Luke ate fruit.
It's unacceptable!
- I must make
- everything perfect.
And nothing is going
to stand in my way.
(YELLS) No!
I had these sorted into
masculine, feminine
and neuter nouns!
- (GASPS)
- Roger!
Get a grip!
Ow!
Did you just give me
a black and blue butler?
- You left me
- no choice.
Look, it's good
to try your best,
- but not at the
- expense of all fun,
Sleep, and contact
with upholstery.
Nobody is perfect, Roger.
Not even you.
That's, that's...
- That's so true!
- Oh!
I just don't know any
other way to live.
My mother always
demanded perfection
from me.
- Oh, I get it,
- my father...
Do you know how
hard it is to make
friends in kindergarten
- when you're wearing
- a three-piece suit?
(BAWLING)
Roger, okay...
There, there.
- Snot into my skirt
- all you want.
- You're the one
- who does the laundry.
(WAILING)
Make sure that silver
is good and
polished, Bertie.
- I want to be able
- to see you in it.
- Okay? Is everybody
- decent?
- Children entering
- the premises.
(ALARM SOUNDING)
What was that?
The foyer is wired
to go off whenever
children enter.
Unfortunately, the
electrified floor doesn't
seem to be working.
What!
- So, what are you
- all doing here?
The kids have
something to
say to you.
- Bertram, we want
- to apologize.
Yeah, we never should
have pulled that
stupid prank.
We are terribly sorry...
Even though I am,
as usual, blameless.
Please come back.
We really miss you.
Tough toenails, tykes!
You didn't appreciate
Bertie when you had him,
and now he's mine!
He signed a contract.
That wasn't a contract.
You forced me to autograph
a picture of myself for
your nightstand.
(CHUCKLES)
Potato, pot-ah-to!
It's binding!
I'll tell you what's
binding, these shorts!
- And why do you
- want me back?
Isn't Roger
the perfect butler?
- We don't want
- the perfect butler.
We want you!
We have seen what
too much perfection
can lead to,
and it is not pretty.
Seriously, I would show
you the rash if I could
get these pants off.
(CHUCKLES)
Bertram.
Look, you may not be
perfect, but...
You're perfect for us.
And we love you.
Oh, I love you guys, too.
(ALL SOBBING)
Ugh!
Okay.
- Bertram's back!
- (CLAPPING)
Wait!
What about me?
- You miscreants
- have each other,
But now I'm all
alone again.
Where's Rhoda's
happy ending?
Jessie?
Sorry to disturb.
Ooh!
Rhoda likey.
Thank you for accepting
my resignation.
Auf Wiedersehen.
Not so fast!
Jezebel, who is this
tasty piece of schnitzel?
This is our
ex-butler, Roger.
Charmed.
You're hired.
- Don't you need
- to see my credentials?
- I can see
- them from here.
- I'm too young for this.
- Let's bounce.
So, how do you
feel about pirates?
Oh! Shiver me timbers!
(SHRIEKS)
- (ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
- (EXCLAIMING)
Oh, the floor does work!
(CHUCKLES)
(SNORING)
Aw!
Isn't he adorable?
Look, he's making
those cute
little snot bubbles.
(CHUCKLES)
I just got an A
on my mid-term.
Not that it counts.
Stupid pass-fail!
- Awesome, how
- does it feel?
(CHUCKLES)
- No, seriously,
- describe it to me.
I've never gotten an A.
It feels great.
Almost as great as
having Bertram back.
(SNORING)
(FARTING)
Oh!
(GASPS)
Sadly, we can no longer blame
that on the plastic.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org